Work that and in this lesson we're going to take what we learned previously where we can add and remove
classes and we're going to build an accordion.
So accordion basically allows us to show content and hide content by having a title and then clicking
that title and it allow us to show the additional content.
So let's create some device.
And the first div that we have is this is going to be that Chordia and so it's the Chordia and heading
area.
So this is actually what gets seen by the user and information about javascript.
And then once they click that it's going to open up the content below it.
So this content we're going to give it a class and let's call this class the content.
So we call it CNN for Conde.
And then here is where we've got some content so I'm going to add in some dummy content.
And I'm also going to add in an image.
So this was from that placeholder IMC that we saw earlier.
So let me just add that in there.
So let's go back to our page and refresh it.
So what I want to do first is I want to set some parameters so for Con.
So basically this is all of the content within accordion and I want this one to kind of show up when
we click the title.
So let's add some padding around there.
So do border one pick solid black and some padding
and do 20 pics of potting and we'll also change the font size so the font size of this one will be a
lot smaller and we'll make the font size of the top one quite a bit bigger.
So now go back and refresh it.
So there we go.
So the idea is that we click this up here and this pops open so let's create a few more.
So create one more for now.
And information about javascript and more read Javascript.
And then in here we've got just some dummy content and maybe we can have another image.
So this one is quite a bit smaller so let's try it out again.
So there we go.
So we've got basically what we need for our console where we can have it we can click the titles and
we know that we can hide and show those.
So next thing that we want to do is we want to maybe set something different for this.
So do font size and I don't want to spend too much time on the CSA us.
So just make that a little bit bigger.
So that stands out and we can also add in a background color so that it stands out so that we can really
differentiate and the whole idea here is that we want to differentiate from the background the background
content.
So let's go back and refresh it.
So there we go.
So the idea is that these would open and close as we click it.
So what we need to do is we need to have one set is active.
So the active one is going to also be the one that's open and for the active one let's do display.
So we're going to use the display properties and we're going to add active and whenever one is active
that we want to display block on it.
So let's go over to here and hear what we're going to do now is we're going to show we're going to do
a display.
None.
So we're going to hide those.
Going back refreshed.
So now we need to make these headings clickable so we have given them the same class.
They're ace A.S.C..
So now let's go into our variables and we know that this is our accordion title.
So A.S.C. title or it could just call it a title to be short.
And this is where we're going to do a document and query selector.
All
so do query selector.
All and we're going to grab the class A.S.C..
So grab that within our array.
And now we can make use of those where we can add those those event handlers.
So what I want you to do now is to create your own version of this.
Open up your editor and add to the title object.
So add those event listeners so those on CLECs.
So making these clickable.
And then I'll show you what to do after that.
So go ahead and add that into your script and pause the video and I'll show you the solution coming
up.
So it will want to do is we want to grab simply grab that content.
So let's do the four.
So we already did this earlier within the last lesson.
So starting at zero we always need a loop here so we can iterate through all of that a title values
and we know we need to keep keep looping until we complete our length of that particular array.
And then within here so we know that we've got a title and if we do X then we're grabbing that object.
So let's attach the on click onto that and we'll do an anonymous function again.
So this function whenever it gets clicked that we know we want to take some type of action.
And we know that we can use this to get the current selected object and we also saw earlier how we can
traverse through the dawn.
So we know that this is the current object.
And then the next one as long as we keep the structure the same.
The next one is going to be a class called.
And this one is going to be the hidden one.
So what we want to do is we want to show all of these.
So let's go through this and we're going to use next element sibling.
So this is going to grab the next Stiv.
And now let's grab a class list and within the class list we saw earlier as well that we can toggle
and let's toggle active.
So now we can go out to our page refresh it and you can see that now.
So when I click these they do open up and when I click it again they close up.
So this is pretty good.
And this is kind of what we want it to do where we can click and hide and click and hide.
But it's basically hiding that next element content.
So the other thing that is typical within accordions is that if you click one then the other ones close.
So what I want you to do is take what we learned in the previous lesson and close all of the Remove
out all of the already active ones that are contained within Conne class.
So go ahead and do that and I'll show you the solution coming up.
So if you had an opportunity to try that out.
So what we want to do is we don't want the ability to open up multiple ones.
We want them to close down after one has been selected.
So if I select this one then what I want to happen is I want the rest of them to disappear and to shut
closed.
So we only want to have one with active.
And the way that we can do this is we know that we saw earlier where we can do a loop and we can loop
through all those elements and we can simply remove out that class list.
So let's go ahead and we're going to create a function in order to do this.
So this one is going to be close.
KHON.
So basically what we want to do is we want to loop through all the variables.
So we're going to use Querrey selector and we're going to use C for this one and don't forget to add
in the dot.
If you're selecting a class so dot com in order select all of those and now we're ready to loop through
it.
So I can copy what we've done over here where we can copy and loop through this within the function.
And instead of the title length we're going to just see length.
So I want to simply loop through it as we're looping through it.
I want to remove it.
Actually it's going to be c..
So C is the object x is the index value.
And then next we've got a class list.
So a class list and we're going to remove
and the one that we want to rule out is active.
So basically this will give us the ability to remove out all of the octaves and all we have to do is
run this function before we actually add or actually whenever it's been clicked we want to close off
all of the other ones.
So basically this one will close off all of the cons and give us the ability to have only one open at
a time.
So we go back and refresh it.
So open up that one open up that one and we can see that now we've only got one open at a time.
And even if we toggle it.
So we've got only that one open at a time.
And I have lost the ability to toggle it opened and closed.
So now what I want you to do is take a look at the code and apply a condition to see if we need to launch
this function or not and close off all the other ones.
So we need to make sure do a quick check to see if it's if it's active and if it is active that we want
this one to remain active.
So what I want you to do is apply the code in order for us to have the ability to kind of click and
toggle as we're able to do before.
So pause the video and I'll show you the solution come up.
So the solution really is to pass this object so we can take a look and we can see this.
So we're just passive in as t.
And that basically gives us the ability to write a condition.
So for now we don't want to.
So if the current one is the one if t is equal to see x.
So if the object is the same then we don't want to remove the class.
So the way to do this is we him add that explanation mark there so that we know that if it's not equal
to see then we're going to remove that clause so save it and try it out.
So now we should be able to toggle but we're still not able to toggle it opened and closed.
So there's one thing missing within the script.
Can you spot the error.
So take a look through and there's actually something that we're actually passing the wrong variable
the wrong value into corn.
So can you determine what the right value is.
And we're looking to add active and remove active and I'll give you a hint that it's within the Khan
class and not the one that was actually clicked.
So take a look at the code and I'll give you a few minutes and then I'll show you the solution.
So what we're doing here is we're passing this and this refers to a CC so doesn't refer to the next
sibling which is actually the element that's getting that active class.
So in order to get to the right one we need to make sure that we're passing this next element sibling.
So now let's go back and refresh it.
And now we can't actually open and close and toggle open and close and we can see that we've got the
ability to toggle open and close elements.
And now we can add in other ones as well.
So use this for format our code is going to be very dynamic that we can then any number of additional
elements can go back out here and refresh it.
So now we have a nice accordion and we could only have one of these open at a time.
So go ahead and try it for yourself and add additional content into the Chordia and and then also use
this same format to create additional elements.
So following that format where A.S.C. immediately followed by the content.
So another div that has that content that we're displaying.
So go ahead try it for yourself and build your own accordion and have the functionality via javascript.